README.md, before:

# Logic Driver 2.0 Dialogue System

## About
[Dialogue Concepts Overview](https://logicdriver.recursoft.net/docs/pages/dialogue/)

Example plugin which can be used to create dialogue systems using custom classes:
- Dialogue Node
- Dialogue Choice Node
- Dialogue Transition

This plugin mostly serves as a base to help get started with using dialogue in Logic Driver, or as an example on overloading classes in C++. Most of the dialogue implementation still needs to be done at the project level. Please reference the [Example Project](https://github.com/Recursoft/LogicDriver-Example) for an example implementation.

## Requirements

- This requires [Logic Driver Pro 2.0](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/logic-driver-state-machine-blueprint-editor) installed at the engine level (such as by downloading from the Unreal Marketplace) or at the project level.

## Installation

- Clone or download a zip (and extract) to your PROJECT / Plugins folder
    - In the case of the Example Project it is: `LogicDriver-Example/Plugins/LogicDriver-Dialogue`
- If you are adding to a Blueprint only project just opening your project file should prompt to build the plugin.
    - For a C++ project you should right click on your project file and choose Generate Visual Studio project files before opening in Visual Studio and compiling.

Commit message:

Remove priority order override as that is done automatically now. Add abstract tags to all nodes as they shoudn't be instantiated directly and are meant to be overridden in blueprints. Update version.

README.md, after:

# Logic Driver 2.0 Dialogue System

## About
[Dialogue Concepts Overview](https://logicdriver.recursoft.net/docs/pages/dialogue/)

Example plugin which can be used to create dialogue systems using custom classes:
- Dialogue Node
- Dialogue Choice Node
- Dialogue Transition

This plugin mostly serves as a base to help get started with using dialogue in Logic Driver, or as an example on overloading classes in C++. Most of the dialogue implementation still needs to be done at the project level. Please reference the [Example Project](https://github.com/Recursoft/LogicDriver-Example) for an example implementation.

The classes are all marked `Abstract` as the final implementation is meant to be done in blueprints. If you desire C++ classes to be available in the editor do not use the `Abstract` tag.

## Requirements

- This requires [Logic Driver Pro 2.0](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/logic-driver-state-machine-blueprint-editor) installed at the engine level (such as by downloading from the Unreal Marketplace) or at the project level.

## Installation

- Clone or download a zip (and extract) to your PROJECT / Plugins folder
    - In the case of the Example Project it is: `LogicDriver-Example/Plugins/LogicDriver-Dialogue`
- If you are adding to a Blueprint only project just opening your project file should prompt to build the plugin.
    - For a C++ project you should right click on your project file and choose Generate Visual Studio project files before opening in Visual Studio and compiling.
